Rules:
void ==> void is a return type and it is a must if you want to return a specific data write
the same of that data type like for int we write int for String
we write String and if we don't want to return anything we write void
when we write a void we can't assign a method call toa variable.

Methods with void variable type can't be assigned to variables
add=>next we write the name of the method. Which can be anything
 but it should follow the rules for giving a name to a variable.
 ()=> we specify the parameters here, we can pass any data type inside these parenthesis

 add(int x, int y)=> This part with the name of the method and its parameters is called signature of a method
 void add(int x, int y);


** To exclude a project or class so that you can exe code even with another class/program having errors:
 shift+shift->type "excludes" and select the excludes option

Types of variables in JAVA (3 types):
1.) Local : if a variable is inside a method, a loop, a switch statement, a if else condition or inside perimeters;
it is called a local variable.
2.) Instance : if a variable is inside the class but outside of any block of code like method, loop, switch statement,
if else statement; it is called an instance variable.
3.) Static : if an instance variable has a static key word with it then it is called a static variable

Why learn about different types of variables :
1.) it helps us reduce the amount of ram that our applications will be using when it will be running
2.) with the help of these variables we can pass information between methods of class
3.) Local variable occupy the memory for the shortest of time. As soon as your method is done executing
they are destroyed by a special program called garbage collector

How to use these :
Local : create inside a block of code

Pros vs Cons

Local variables:
Pros- They occupy the memory for the shortest period of time. Always try to use the local variable whenever possible.
Cons-They are very limited in the scope. Meaning I can not access it outside of that method or that block of code.
Instance Variables:
Pros- They have a broader scope compared to the local variables. Meaning we can access them in all the methods of
that class.They can not be accessed outside of the method in which they are created.
Cons- They occupy space in your RAM for longer periods of time.
Static Variables:
Pros- We can call static variables without creating an object of a class.
We can share a single variable between all the objects of a class
Con-Stays in the memory for longest period of time


Local Variable :
Instance variable: They are located inside the class but outside a block of code
Advantages
instance variable are accessible everywhere in a class in all the blocks of code inside that class
Disadvantages: They keep on occupying the memory for a longer period of time.
Static variable:
If we have an instance variable with the static keyword then it is called a Static variable
Advantages
They have the highest scope available even outside of an object and are class level variables.
That is why it does not matter how many objects are created from that class, only one variable is created.
Disadvantages
They occupy the memory for the longest time
They can hold only a single value for all the objects

